== HAS_S3FTP

== DESCRIPTION

A mini FTP server that persists all data to S3

== INSTALLATION:
  gem install has_s3ftp

== SETUP

=== Step 1

Upload a file called "passwd" to your S3 bucket. It should contain a single line per user and be a CSV. It should looks something like this

  user1,password,y
  user2,password,n

the third column indicates the users administrator status. Administrators can see all files. Regular users are sandboxed to their own directory.

=== Step 2

The first time that you run the gem, it will ask you the following data:

  aws-key - your s3 key
  aws-secret - your s3 secret
  aws-bucket - bucket where it going to save the data upload by ftp
  notification(y/n) - set it as yes if you want get error notification in your email. It just support SendGrid Account.
  sendgrid username - your sendgrid account
  sendgrid password - your sendigrid password
  email - your email for error notification

and it will save the data in the file

  HOME_USER/.has_s3ftp/config

IMPORTANT: For all step you need to be root

== START SERVER:

You have to run the follow command as root user:

  root# has_s3ftp start

== STOP SERVER:

You have to run the follow command as root user:

  root# has_s3ftp stop


== AUTHORS:

* Kyle J. Ginavan.
* Mauro Torres - http://github.com/chebyte

== LICENSE:

MIT License

Copyright (c) 2010 Kyle J. Ginavan

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
'Software'), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
